docs: Add 005 mobile app routing ADR (#91)
get10101/10101: docs/005-mobile-app-routing.adoc

== Decision

- We use the https://pub.dev/packages/go_router[`go_router`] flutter package for routing.
- We can consider using type-safe routes which with https://pub.dev/documentation/go_router/latest/topics/Type-safe%20routes-topic.html[possible in `go_router`].
- We accept that preserving the state in nested sub-routes is not supported in `go_router` at the time of writing this document, but is expected to be added in a future release.

== Context

There are various different routing libraries for flutter [out there](https://fluttergems.dev/routing/).

Here are some routing features to consider:

- Declarative routes: Page based routing, that can be configured using e.g. URL schema. This makes routes more explicit (one route always points to one page) than just using push/pop to add and remove routes from the routing stack.
- Type-Safe routing: Generate the routes from pages (classes) rather than defining string keys for your routes. (involves code generation step)
- Re-direction: Define conditional re-directions based on application state.
- Nested navigation and multiple navigators: Allow multiple navigators within the application to depict parent-child screen relationships.

>     - Preserving state acr  oss nested routes: This means preserving state of e.g. a child screen of one tab when switching to another tab. Here is https://codewithandrea.com/articles/flutter-bottom-navigation-bar-nested-routes-gorouter-beamer/[an example].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Preserving state across nested routes: This means preserving state of e.g. a child screen of one tab when switching to another tab. Here is https://codewithandrea.com/articles/flutter-bottom-navigation-bar-nested-routes-gorouter-beamer/[an example].
```

=== Options considered

At the time of writing the most popular solutions in likes are:

- [go_router] (2.2k likes)
    - Most activity development on GitHub
    - Does *not* support preserving state of nested routes yet, planned for the next release, see https://github.com/flutter/packages/pull/2650[this PR] and https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/99124[this ticket]
- https://pub.dev/packages/auto_route[auto_route] [2k likes)
    - GitHub repo has less activity than `go_router`

> - [beamer] (0.9k likes)

Reviewer: Something in this list is broken :)
